# CardPool
Yu-Gi-Oh! Draft Simulator

This program maintains a digital database of my physical collection of Yu-Gi-Oh! cards and allows users to create decks
'draft style' in a deliberately similar manner as you would draft cards in Arena mode in Hearthstone. The program initializes
and allows you to set some conditions for your draft such as number of players and cards to draft, and after that it divides up
all the cards available into pools of equal size for each player (these pools can be filled by pulling random cards or by assuring
that each pool has an equal amount of cards from each rarity). Then, it moves on to the main chunk of the program which runs each
player through a draft just like you would see in Arena in HS. Each card offered is generated by rolling a 1000 sided die then 
choosing a rarity based on the percentage obtained. After a rarity is chosen, a random card from that players pool is pulled and
offered, unless that card has already been chosen the limited amount of times or is already one of the other two choices being 
concurrently offered. In HS each of the cards has matching rarity for each pick but for this program each individual card offered
is determined based on chance. Players choose one of the three card which is then added to their deck and the other two choices are
removed from their pool of available cards. Players can 'reroll' which removes all three offered cards from their pool and generates 
three new ones.


Download:

http://www.mediafire.com/file/9b55g4b4npk28du/Card%20Pool.exe (exe)

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NKz_NtwnL6yTeInxdsxIIebhJoAq0rCJ (exe)

// (zip)

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1PDIjyAuT_K_ohscFy99ixIwODqNkxUB1 (zip)

